This was the first school in the Romani language in Bulgaria.
In recent years, we have seen a remarkable growth in the Romani field.
There are many Roma people living all over Bulgaria, generally in their own neighborhoods.
The Roma came to Europe from India with their own languages and culture.
Roma people are happy to talk to Jehovah's Witnesses, sensing no discrimination or prejudice.
As a result, Romani congregations and groups have been formed.
At the first memorial held in the Romani language, a congregation with 26 publishers had 703 in attendance.
In this rapidly growing field, half of the publishers served as pioneers.
Seeing the progress in this field, the branch wanted the pioneers to be trained in their mother tongue,
so they could apply the information according to the needs of the territory.
This is a wonderful gift from Jehovah, because when we receive it in our own language,
it is embedded directly into our hearts.
I feel very happy that the school is in the Romani language,
because I can see it not only to Jehovah's love, but also how he spoils us.
This has been a wonderful achievement, considering we didn't have any material translated for the school in the Romani language.
This meant that the instructors and the students prepared in a different language,
but everything was presented in Romani.
I have to get up at 4.30 to go to and finish my secular work before the school, which starts at 8.30.
It is a little difficult for me, but hearing about Jehovah and understanding more about him gives me renewed energy.
I heard an example about Jesus, how he showed empathy for the young children who went to see him,
but his apostles tried to stop them.
However, Jesus put himself in the place of those children.
This really helps me to see the people in our territory and to put myself in their place,
because I too once lived like them and know how they feel.
When we speak about spiritual things,
things about God, we want to speak in our mother tongue because it touches our heart.
I personally saw how the hearts of the pioneers were deeply touched by having the school in their language.
As a Roma, I often feel rejected by others, but the school which was completely opposite.
I was really happy that the school was held in our Romani neighborhood and I could speak in my language.
Who would have imagined 10 years ago when the preaching work started in the Roma neighborhood
that we would have a pioneer school?
Interestingly, some of those who started to study the Bible back then attended the school together with us,
along with their Bible teachers.
If someone had said that this would happen,
we would have thought it has a vivid imagination.
The hover made this possible.